Import Tezos X doc (#436)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/governance/how-is-etherlink-governed.md

## Kernel governance (slow)

The Etherlink<!--TX--> slow kernel governance process is a streamlined version of the [Tezos governance and self-amendment process](https://docs.tezos.com/architecture/governance).
It consists of three periods: a Proposal period and a Promotion period, which are supervised by Etherlink<!--TX-->'s kernel governance contract, and a Cooldown period, which is enforced by the Etherlink<!--TX--> kernel itself.

The lengths of these periods are stored in the [kernel governance contract](https://better-call.dev/mainnet/KT1AXRU3wLc87WNhLhVGrgqDGubLACUMUgPb).

> This table shows the period lengths as of the Ebisu kernel update and the Tezos Seoul protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table shows the period lengths as of the Ganesha kernel update and the Tezos Ushuaia protocol:
```

table below should also be updated for Tallinn's 6s blocks

The fast governance process has the same Proposal, Promotion, and Cooldown periods as the slow governance process, but the lengths of these periods are different.
The lengths are stored in the [fast governance contract](https://better-call.dev/mainnet/KT19oUVQPnVLuUBYXrBVd46WJnNAMpqkKSwo).

> This table shows the period lengths as of the Ebisu kernel update and the Tezos Seoul protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table shows the period lengths as of the Ganesha kernel update and the Tezos Ushuaia protocol:
```

Table below should be updated for 6s blocks

## Sequencer governance

A separate sequencer governance contract handles the selection process for Etherlink<!--TX-->'s sequencer.

### Periods

Similar to the kernel governance processes, the sequencer voting process has Proposal, Promotion, and Cooldown periods.
In this process, bakers propose and vote on the account that operates the sequencer.

The lengths of the periods are stored in the [sequencer governance contract](https://better-call.dev/mainnet/KT1KiVz8ZpHo3HpE1GCP5HLgywPDRwVUkCFh).

> This table shows the period lengths as of the Ebisu kernel update and the Tezos Seoul protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table shows the period lengths as of the Ganesha kernel update and the Tezos Ushuaia protocol:
```

Table below should be updated
